Initial design description of processing system (#36)
Capstone-Skynet/Capstone-Skynet.github.io: docs/reqs/reqs.tex

\subsection{Computing Platform}
\begin{enumerate}[label=F.CP.\arabic*, wide=1cm, widest=3cm, leftmargin=*, font=\bfseries, noitemsep,topsep=0pt, parsep=4pt, partopsep=0pt]
	\item Computing Platform must use noise-tolerant communications protocols to avoid drone interference.
	\item Computing Platform must contain at least 1MB of non-volatile memory to store machine learning weights.

> 	\item Interface with the FPGA must be capable of bitrates sufficient for video streaming (>1.5Mbps).

Reviewer: Be consistent with numerical formatting. (https://www.nist.gov/pml/weights-and-measures/writing-metric-units)

```suggestion
	\item Interface with the FPGA must be capable of bitrates sufficient for video streaming (>1.5 Mbps).
```

	\item Computing Platform must have a physical method (ex. button) to signal a safe power-off sequence for onboard components.
\end{enumerate}

% Camera and ML points
\subsection{Camera}
\begin{enumerate}[label=F.CAM.\arabic*, wide=1cm, widest=3cm, leftmargin=*, font=\bfseries, noitemsep,topsep=0pt, parsep=4pt, partopsep=0pt]
	\item The camera must capture video for the machine learning implementation to process

> 	\item The camera must use a standard interface, for future replacability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	\item The camera must use a standard interface, for future replacability.
```
